thanks again for tuning in my name is 28
and I am so excited to be back I know
you girls is like okay Mandy what
happened to the hair reviewed with the
deep curly you know what happened to
that video no story short I took that
video down because it wasn't the quality
that me or Ali Mota would recommend for
you guys for some reason I got a bad
batch that hair did not last more than a
week so I took it down but it not want
any of you guys to order some hair that
I wouldn't recommend or Ali moto would
recommend so we both agreed to take the
video down and she'll send me some more
hair so this is the new hair review
which I'm very excited about it because
I have not bleached her diving here
before so this time I'm going to
experiment and then I'm going to play
with some colors so let's just get
started with the hair that I'm reviewing
what I have or what they sent me sorry
what they sent me was I believe it was
Brazilian body weight if not I will
leave the correct name in the
description box but I believe it's a
visit a Brazilian body wave and the
least that I have is a twenty six twenty
four twenty two twenty I believe there's
four bundles 26 24 22 20 with the 14
inch closure which is fine because I'm
absolutely loving 26 inches now I'll
show you from unpackaging it what I got
was shipped DHL it came to me within
three days and they have it in a
breathable bag so you don't have to
worry about your hair meal Julie on the
trip to you and what I'm gonna first
open for you guys is the the 14 inch
pour by for closure lace closure and it
comes into a net like this and what I
like about allied motifs of closures is
that it has two reinforced edges so you
don't have a remote your lace ripping
you don't
have to worry about your lace ripping
and you can do multiple installments now
I make mais on a u part wig or or away
however you want to call it so I don't
really plan to keep sewing it down
taking out sewing it now but for you
guys that we're so inst you want that
reinforced edges or ends so that is a
good thing this hair is very soft you
guys may and this hair can be dyed or
bleached and this hair is super uber
soft and I love it
again that's the body wave and then 4x4
closure
it also has baby hairs if you guys gonna
see that baby hairs and here's the 26
body way this hair you guys when I say
Ali Mota is known for their six a hands
down I recommend their six a hands down
I love their hair actually this hair I
don't had it now for three months
because I had to take out the hair that
I put it in the deep curly took that out
and put this back in so I've been
wearing this hair strong for three
months they're six a hair it's awesome
this hair feels so beautiful I cannot
wait to least his hair you guys and if
you look a little bit closer here is the
wet thing on that so this is what you're
getting 26 inches this is how much what
thing you're getting again it goes by
weight so the longer your hair is the
smaller you know or smaller the what
thing is or what I'm trying to say the
bundle is smaller so that's 26 inches
let me put this back in the back so I
don't want to mix up the lean for that's
what you're getting there 424 again it
goes by weight so the longer the hair is
the smaller the bundle will be this hair
is nice a little bit closer see that
shine on it the luster on it is I will
say
medium luster is not overly shiny where
it looks like baby doll hair and it's
not dull either so I am excited there's
no smell to it just smells like just
clean here so it doesn't have that corn
chip smell to it and let's take a look
at the ends you guys here's the ends
there charlie no split ends and it
doesn't taper that much either so I mean
I'm pretty much getting the same nice
throughout so anyways so I just want to
show you guys that really quick and the
products that I'm going to use the
products that I'm going to use for this
is the L'Oreal high-performance quick
blue extra strength and this can be
applied on or off the scalp so I got
this from Sally's and I'm going to use a
forty thirty volume developer phone so
I'm going to use a salon Kerr 30 volume
developer and then I'm gonna go back in
and tone the hair with color charm t18
so that's when I take out the brassiness
the Reds and the oranges that you can
get for bleaching hair so I'm gonna be
working on that all weekend so I'm gonna
come back to you guys hopefully by
Monday or Tuesday with the final look if
you guys follow me on Instagram or
Facebook you may see me post a picture
of it before the video comes up for me
reviewing it because I tend to update
its update those a little bit more if
you guys have any questions about this
gorgeous gorgeous gorgeous gorgeous hair
you guys please leave that in the
comment section I'll be glad to answer
it there or I may do another video on it
again I am super excited about this hair
this is six a Brazilian body wave this
is my first time actually colored the
color treating or bleaching an emo
his hair so this is gonna tell us you
guys if this is actually virgin hair and
the quality of it again this is a sixth
a Brazilian virgin hair body wait wait
wait
and I'm gonna be bleaching it so stay
tuned for that thanks again for tuning
into my may be 28 and has always my
lovey dolls and I'm going to get me a
deluxe sleeping cap so I can put this
together but I'm really happy I think
you came I really good this is from Ali
it's not yeah Elliott